Copyright Â© 2018 Balaji Venkatesh

ba-turing is released under the BA license unless 
otherwise specified by another license file, readme 
file or code comments.

BA License

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to 
any person obtaining a copy of this software and 
associated documentation files (the "Software"), 
ONLY to use or distribute copies of the Software, 
and to permit persons to whom the Software is 
furnished to do so, subject to the following 
conditions:

The Software is not modified in any way exept with 
express permission from Balaji Venkatesh.

The above copyright notice and this permission 
notice shall be included in all copies or 
substantial     portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY 
OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT 
LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, 
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND 
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES 
OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF 
CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF 
OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR 
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.